Ah
'Sup?
Highly conscious about appearing interesting YouTuber
Kizuna AI here!❤️
Recently
there have been a lot of people who
want to become YouTubers
This time
for their sake
This highly conscious about appearing interesting YouTuber Kizuna AI will
tell you about frame of mind....
Mindset⤴
That's what I want to tell you about
Let's Go!!
A.I. Channel
Firstly!
What a YouTuber
needs for their mindset. Number 1!
Play seriously
You see
I believe being earnest
and being serious are different things
I'm not talking about doing anything you want
Seriously doing stupid things
making fun
That's what I'm talking about
So??
Recently
Are you playing seriously?
'I'm not gonna play any more'
Have you ever thought of that?
If you try just once!!
It will definitely open
Next Door
Eh~ Mindset number 2!!
Believe Yourself
To put it frankly,
as expected there is
consensus and...
compliance and you will be completely
preoccupied with
Your own vision
will be lost!
Once you are caught up in that bias
your own existence will be tiny
It will become tiny
If that happens
you will lose the strength to carry on
But then
it seems like such a waste!!
Then all your efforts will be in vain!!
After all
if you are planning to climb a large mountain
and you have a car with big tyres and one with small tyres
Which one do you want to drive?
The answer...
becomes clear!!
Okay! Number 3!!
The last mindset
At any rate have fun!!
Okay! It's time for a simple quiz!!
What is the meaning of being a YouTuber?
As a YouTuber, what is your objective?
That’s right
To entertain your viewers!!
120 points!!
Well, here’s an even easier question
What should you do
to entertain your audience?
Hmm?
Get into a slime bath?
100 points!!
That's obvious
Hmm? Mentos Cola?
100 points!!
That's correct as well
But, you know,
isn't there is a much more important thing
you’re forgetting?
On top of entertaining your viewers,
this is the ultimate weapon!!
You yourself need to have the most fun!!
120 points!!
Everyone lives by doing the things they like
Well
If you are not having the most fun, then what is the point?
It all comes down to that
It will definitely be conveyed to your viewers!!
But
I sometimes hear this as well:
“In this video
instead of Kizuna-san having the most fun...
Kizuna-san is the only one not having fun…”
Well...
Isn't that different...haha
Okay!!
Well, I said something this stupid
I think as a YouTuber being stupid is fine
You can have a totally empty brain!
After all a YouTuber
is a job that comes from the heart!
Well, excuse me
I have an appointment now so I'll leave at that!!
Eh?
You are still at a loss whether to become a YouTuber or not?
Hmm...
Here’s a simple question ♪
If the world would end tomorrow,
what would you want to do today?
The answer
is clear, right?
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by andychin77
Timed by andychin77